1. Tamilda returns, her body and hands pierced by arrows. She looks happy. "That was so much fun! And you do this all the time?"

Singing Cricket, holding an arrow and a wine bottle, looks a little downcast. "Actually, after I learned to catch arrows, people mostly stopped shooting at me."

Kayra kisses him on the cheek. "Poor husband! I'll shoot you any time you like."


2. Tamilda comes to the table to eat her pie. Granny is there. The dragon eyes the remaining pie; he clearly likes it.

Granny: "If you are QUITE finished playing, we still have important matters to discuss."

Tamilda, with her mouth full: "Hmm? Oh, I think I've got the wolf stuff figured out..."

Granny: "No... your DRAGON."


3. Granny gets up close in Tamilda's face. "That egg belonged to ME. Did you REALLY believe you'd get away with stealing it?"

Tamilda looks surprised, betrayed. "But... I thought..."


4. Tamilda starts to get angry as Granny goes on.

Granny, off-panel: "You thought I would allow a LITTLE GIRL to raise one of the most dangerous and POWERFUL creatures in the WORLD?"


5. Granny's tirade continues, from off-panel: "An ignorant chit who can't even be bothered to learn basic control of her OWN lycanthropic abilities?"

As Granny goes on, Tamilda's anger increases -- and she begins to transform. Her jaw begins to extend, her ears turn pointy and start to creep upwards, her teeth elongate, her hands get larger, and her fingernails extend into claws.


6. Tamilda now has a full wolf head, retaining her ponytail. Her body mass has increased, and some of her armour has broken at the seams. "LEAVE US ALONE!" she shouts.


7. Granny smiles. "Very good! Partial transformation. A strong first step." 

"Huh?" replies Tamilda, nonplussed, her anger dissipating.


8. Granny picks up her mug of tea. "Your rage feeds the beast. DRAW on that rage. Control it, and you control the wolf."

Tamilda: "So... you won't take him away?"


9. Granny responds: "Come, now... A dragon of unknown power, living in the middle of the city, with an unpredictable, new-whelped WEREWOLF? A powder keg that could EXPLODE at any moment, with potentially DEADLY consequences for the ENTIRE KINGDOM?"


10. Granny sips her tea. "That's certainly no business of MINE." Wolf-tamilda rolls her eyes.