A young girl, Tamilda, about twelve, with freckles and a ponytail and a determined look on her face, walks through a forest of evil-looking trees that reach for her. She wears armour and carries a bow and a sword. She speaks in captions:

"For weeks I've stalked this haunted wood. The forest shifts around me as I travel through it, trying to lead me away from my quarry."


The trees flee from the girl as she waves a torch around. Severed and burning branches litter the forest floor.

"But I learned from the best. And even if nature itself turns against you... Everything has a weakness."


A massive werewolf is attacking Tamilda. She has cuts on her face and arms, and faes the monster bravely.

"I've had to use every skill Baeric taught me to survive.  I wish he was here."


The werewolf lies either dead or unconscious behind Tamilda, four arrows buried in its bleeding body. Tamilda walks away, nursing her wounds.

"But he's not. His soul was STOLEN in some kind of creepy ritual. And his friends don't even care!"

"I wasn't there to keep him safe. So now it's down to ME to avenge him. A twelve-year-old kid."


Tamidla looks through a spyglass at a pair of cute little cottages, one apparently made of candy and gingerbread. A buff, handsome man chops wood outside, and a bird sings on the roof.

"But that's OK. I've gotten THIS far on my own. I'm smart..."


Tamilda squirts an ointment out of a tube onto her finger.

"I'm resourceful..."


She applies the ointment to her eye.

"And I have a feeling..."


She looks through the spyglass again at the houses, but their nature has changed. Now we see Granny Dismal's house, decorated with skulls and sitting in a nest. Nanny Muk's house is not a gingerbread cottage, but seemingly alive, with an eye in the attic window. A tentacle reaches up to snatch the singing bird, and a giant spider climbs on the roof. The buff, handsome man is now the gaunt and withered Calvin.

"That TODAY is the day..."


The scene shifts to inside Nanny Muk's house. Singing Cricket and Kayra lie in bed together, eyes closed. Singing Cricket is snoring.

"...I KILL the night hag Kayra."