1. Kayra, Singing Cricket, and his two students sit outside to have a picnic lunch. The baby house sits in the background, and the imp digs around in Kayra's lunch basket. Kayra passes the dwarf a sandwich. 

Kayra: "So how's training going?"

Dwarf: "Better'n the HOUSE trainin', at least."


2. Singing Cricket puts a proud hand on the dwarf's shoulder. "They're doing very well! I'm impressed with their discipline."

"Aye," says the dwarf, "I'm learnin' so much. It's tough, but it's worth the sacrifices."


3. Flashback to the dwarf, shirtless, standing above a bowl of soapy water, wearing a bra made of riveted metal. The dwarf in this image has a lush head of hair, and looks sad as they hold up a straight razor. The dwarf narrates in captions:

"The hair, for example. It was a heavy thing, givin' up my lovely locks... But I see now that by cutting my hair, I was cuttin' my ATTACHMENTS. Vanity and materiality are ANCHORS that weigh you down, and hold you back from elevatin' yerself SPIRITUALLY."


4. Cut back to the present, Singing Cricket, dwarf, and big guy sitting and eating their sandwiches. Singing Cricket is blisfully enjoying his lunch.

The dwarf continues: "But you hever actually said, master. WHY do we shave our heads?" The big guy strokes his chin thoughtfully and interjects, "I've been bald since I was seventeen."

The dwarf, ignoring this, continues. "Is it about severin' our material attachments? Or is it about martial efficiency, removin' all physical impediments? Or is it up to the individual student to uncover their own PERSONAL lesson?"


5. Singing Cricket looks up, only just now starting to pay attention. He touches his scalp. "Hm? My hair? Oh, it's not required... I just think it looks cool."

The dwarf's eyes bulge and she gapes.


6. In the background, Kayra fondles Singing Cricket's head. "Sooo smooooth!" Singing Cricket, enjoying this, adds, "And the ladies love it."

In the foreground, the dwarf flees, weeping: "My beautiful haaaair!" The big guy tries to comfort her: "I think you look nice!"