1. Kayra pours tea for Granny Dismal while Singing Cricket talks with Tamilda about her news. 

SC: "So... A werewolf? How did THAT happen?"

Tamilda: "Well... I DID fight a wolf-man in the forest when I first came here.*"

* See Love and Hex #18


2. Granny sips her tea as Kayra walks away. Nanny Muk heads over toward the oven to grab a pie and a knife.

SC, looking embarrassed: "So it WAS a curse! And I thought you were..."

Tamilda, looking annoyed: "What?"

SC: "Well... You know... What happens around your age..."

Tamilda: "You thought I didn't know about puberty?!"


3. Nanny pulls a pie from the oven while the dragon watches with anticipation. She whistles as she works. Singing Cricket and Tamilda continue their chat as Granny observes.

SC: "I mean... You ARE an orphan.  ..And I think we forgot to enrol you in school."

Tamilda: "Sigh... Cirra told me."


4. A flashback. Caption: LAST WINTER. Tamilda dressed in furs is with Singing Cricket's adventuring party in a cave. A wyvern flies outside. It's dark, mountains are visible. In the cave, most of the party are asleep around a campfire, including Singing Cricket. A gnome woman, Cirra, points her staff at a large rock, on which she has sketched in charcoal a rough diagram of the female reproductive system. Tamilda looks worried. A creepy goblin sits on a rock watching with interest.

Tamilda: "We're supposed to be on WATCH! What about the TROLLS?"

Cirra: "This is IMPORTANT, young lady! Now, these are your ovaries..."

Tamilda, quietly: "But that creepy goblin's watching..."


5. Scene shifts back to the present. Singing Cricket is pondering. Nanny approaches behind them, carrying pie and knife.

SC: "But wait... If you weren't on your... um... well... Whose blood was in your room?"

Tamilda, distraught: "Oh, gods, I have no idea! Granny, can you CURE me?!"

Granny Dismal: "I typically BESTOW curses, not lift them. But I might suggest an alternative course... Nanny Muk?"


6. Singing Cricket and the dragon react with horror as Nanny Muk, approaching from behind, plunges a knife into Tamilda's back. Its blade goes right through her leather armour and exits through the front of her chest. 

SC: "NO!"