1. Nanny Muk and Granny Dismal sit at a table discussing her visit. A beetle stands atop a salt shaker, holding a spooon. It addresses its squad, getting ready to serve the tea. 

Nanny Muk: "So you can't stay in your house while it's... um... nesting? [smaller text] Not that I mind, plenty of room..."

Granny Dismal: "No, there is far too much... GOING ON in there. It's uncomfortable, and by now quite DANGEROUS."

2. Singing Cricket joins the party. Kayra brings out a teapont and a tray of cups, bhwile the bugs bring in a sugar pot.

Singing Cricket: "Say, how DO houses reproduce, anyway? I'd have thought carpenters would be involved."

Granny Dismal: "Really, noisy insect, did they teach you nothing at your monastery?"

3. Singing Cricket sits down and fills his teacup with a flask. Nanny pours for Granny while the ants get the sugar pot ready.

Singing Cricket: "Brewing, distillation, and punching, mostly. And it's Singing Cricket, actually."

Granny Dismal: "Yes, I know your name."

4. Kayra brings over a tray of cookies. Granny reaches for one, as does Nanny. One of the beetles steps onto the tray.

Kayra: "Hey, Granny, where's Alond?"

Singing Cricket (chewing on a cookie): "Who's that?"

Kayra: "Seriously? The former king! ... You deposed him?"

Singing Cricket: "Umm..."

5. A flashback to the climax of Singing Cricket's adventure. He and his party are interrupting a wedding. Alond, a tiefling king, holds a sword made of shadow and laughs as he blasts magic at the paladin (Belavor). Singing Cricket pushes aside a mind-controlled guard and draws his dagger. Trip approaches with a trident, stepping over a bearded corpse. In the foreground, the party's gnome druid (Cirra) tries to reattach the severed leg of their tiefling warlock (Verity), who is both the bride and Alond's sister. Kayra speaks in captions.

Kayra: "You ambushed him at his wedding and exposed how he murdered his way to the throne? You replaced him with the long-lost true heir and brought peace back to the kingdom?"

6. Singing Cricket laughs when he recognizes who Kayra is talking about. Meanwhile, Nanny Muk is stuffing her face with cookies, and accidentally (?) picked up a beetle along with them.

Kayra: "You beat him up and gave him to Granny to compensate for FREEING her LAST servant?"

Singing Cricket: "Oh, the guy who wanted to marry his sister! How's he doing?"

Granny Dismal: "Oh dear, I must have left him inside. BOY! Where did you get to?"

7. Outside, Granny Dismal's house sits in its nest. The speech bubble, uncertain and wavy, comes from underneath. Alond's arm reaches up from below the house.

Alond: "Down here..."