1. A young woman, actually a changeling made of mud and sticks who has been masquerading as its family's child for years, sits at the breakfast table with her unsuspecting family. She looks forlornly at her food. Her mother talks earnestly to her, while her father happily eats sausage.

Mother: "Kayra, dear, you haven't TOUCHED your breakfast."

Changeling: "I'm not hungry."

Father: "She's just saving room for tonight's feast!"


2. Close-up of the changeling girl, her mud-and-sticks body shown through the illusion of her human form. She pretends to eat, while her father sneaks a sausage off her plate.

Mother (off-panel): "Oh, no - we can't have you gorging yourself in front of Jonathan and his family! Eat up NOW, dear."

Changeling: "Yes, mother."


3. A small inset panel showing "Kayra" happily eating her food, which actually slides off her fork and through the illusion to the floor.


4. The changeling girl secretly holds her food behind her back while her father eats.

Changeling: "I'd like to head into the city early... I need something from the market."

Mother (off-panel): "Yes, I saw you're out of that strange PERFUME you like."


5. Mother looks concerned.

Mother: "You're not planning to wear it at dinner tonight, are you? It makes you smell like soil and VEGETATION."

Father, giving her a sidewas glance, muttering: "That's not the perfume."

Changeling, staring at her father with concern: "Um... no, mother. I'll wear something nicer."


6. Mother approaches and pulls the changeling girl out of her seat. Changeling still stares down at father, who grabs her plate and winks at her.

Mother: "Good! We'll find you a lovely scent at the market. You've eaten enough, Kayra dear - come along."


7. CAPTION: Meanwhile...

Kayra and Singing Cricket are playing with Charlie the owlbear. Charlie rolls around on his back as Singing Cricket holds a stuffed bear over him, while Kayra scratches Charlie's belly. Tamilda approaches with a backpack and a hopeful expression.

Tamilda: "Hey, Kayra -- I need to go back to the city. Want to come along?"

Kayra: "Sure! We can visit the market!"