Kayra and Singing Cricket prepare dinner together. Singing Cricket is stirring a boiling pot, while Kayra is chopping heads off a small hydra and collecting them in a bucket. The hydra has one head left, its feet are bound, and it is struggling.

Kayra: It seems like Dojo's training is going well!

Singing Cricket: I think so! He's still a bit stubborn, but his behaviour is improving.

Granny Dismal (off-panel): Whose behaviour is improving?


Granny Dismal, holding a bulging bag, opens the door. Singing Cricket leaps backward in terrified surprise, and Kayra grimaces, looking at Granny and away from the hydra, which has just regrown two heads.

Singing Cricket: Augh! Um... No one. It's just --

Kayra: A pet! An adorable little pet!


Singing Cricket fiddles with his fingers and sweats nervously while talking to Granny.

Singing Cricket: That's right! Sweet little... um... Charlie?

Granny Dismal: Really! Well, I'm pleased to see you taking responsibility for something other than yourself. Where is this creature? Let's have a look at it.


Singing Crickett nervously tries to dismiss the notion, but Granny stares him down.

Singing Cricket: Oh! Um... He's outside. We're house-training, you see, and--

Granny Dismal: Fetch Charlie. Now.


Singing Cricket races out the door.

Singing Cricket: On it!

It slams shut behind him.


Kayra and Granny Dismal chat in the kitchen, not paying attention tot the now five-headed hydra which is chewing through the ropes binding its feet. Outside, Singing Cricket is making a lot of noise.

SFX: Bang! Thud! Crash!

Singing Cricket (outside): Ouch! Hold still-- ARGH!

Kayra: You're home early. Weren't you out collecting souls?

Granny Dismal: I got a bulk deal.


Singing Cricket, covered in bloody scratches and his clothes torn, opens the door. He holds a rope in his right hand.

Singing Cricket: Here he is! Granny dismal, meet my new pet, cute... um... little...


Singing Cricket grimaces as he glances over at the creature he's dragged inside. Kayra hides her face in her palm in exasperation, while the hydra escapes, one of its heads blowing a raspberry at the hags. Granny looks impassively at Singing Cricket and his improvised new pet: a huge, ferocious, angry-looking owlbear.

Singing Cricket: ...Charlie.