1. Close-up of an angry-looking knight in helmet and scale mail. He has an absurdly large chin and is shaking his fist. He is looking directly at the reader.

Knight: "Potion seller! Give me your strongest potion!"


2. The knight leans over Kayra's market stall, pounding on the counter. Kayra, in the guise of a cute tiefling woman, is pleasant and unaffected by his anger.

Knight: "And SPARE me your nonsense, you rasca. I'm going into battle, and I need your STRONGEST--"

Kayra, with a friendly smile, proffers a potion: "Here you go!"


3. The knight is nonplussed. He looks at the potion.

Knight: "Enough of your games, potion seller! I'm going into BATTLE, and -- What's this?"

Kayra: "My strongest potion. That will be two hundred gold pieces, please."


4. The knight looks at Kayra, emotionally fragile.

Knight: "...Really?"

Kayra: "It's a good price."

Knight: "I mean... You won't tell me it's too strong for me? Everyone else --"

Kayra: "I'm sure you know best."

Knight: "That's right -- I do!"


5. The knight walks away, happy, popping the cork off the bottle. He leans his head back as if getting ready to guzzle it down. He mutter, "NOW I'll teach those rascals RESPECT for knights..."

Tamilda, standing behind the counter next to Kayra, reaches up to catch the flying cork, which has the potion's tag attached to it.

Singing Cricket, still wearing his moustache disguise, puts his hands on his hips and looks angrily at the knight.

Singing Cricket: "Hey, he didn't pay!"

Kayra, smiling: "But he's so happy!"

Tamilda: "What did you give him?"

Kayra: "I'm tno sure -- it's one of Granny Dismal's SPECIAL brews."


6. Tamilda looks down and reads the card on the discarded cork, while Kayra looks on after the departing knight.

Kayra: "It had its OWN crate, and a bed of straw. It must be VERY potent."

Tamilda, reading: "'Nite-row Glyßerine. Hylie Volatyle. Do Notte Injeßt.' What language is this?"

Singing Cricket runs after the knight, looking concerned. "Just a moment, sir --"