1. Alond is wearing a helment, carrying spears, a crossbow, and a bucket. Strange noises are coming from behind a door. He approaches Singing Cricket.

Alond: "Aren't you spending the evening with your 'wife'?"

Singing Cricket: "I don't like to stick around during their... rituals."


2. Alond hands a spear and bucket to Singing Cricket.

Alond: "Good, then you're free. Help me feed Granny Dismal's house."

Singing Cricket: "Who's watching the baby?"


3. Off-panel, Alond says, "That little im guy will do it. He loves babysitting."

The imp, however, is passed out after eating his massive sandwich. The baby crawls over to the door the hags are chanting behind. Singing Cricket leaves with Alond, saying, "What do houses eat, anyway?"


4. The coven sit around a pentagram encased within a circle of eldritch symbols. Odd items and artifacts are placed at each point in the circle. Kayra holds a kris and a rabbit while they chant in an eldritch tongue, not noticing the baby entering the circle. Nanny adds to the chant, "And give him a great big [alien letters]!"


5. Granny turns angrily to Nanny: "Nanny Muk!"

"It can't ALL be work," replies Nanny. "I deserve a bit of fun!"

Kayra grimaces as the rabbit scrabbles. "Shh, it's my first summoning! Let me focus!"

The baby, meanwhile, has entered the centre of the pentagram. Flames well up around him with. "FZZZZ"


6. Caption: ELSEWHERE...

Hell. Behind huge black gates, a lake of fire with devils torturing sinners. Some devils are enjoying the beach. From a castle next to the fence, a voice in black speech balloons intones: "Foolish mortal! You have fallen right into my trap! Now despair as, with my ultimate move, I SEAL your doom--"

SFX: "FZZT"


7. Inside the castle, an archdevil stands next to a tiefling woman. There is what looks like a board game on a table between them. The baby is sitting on the board, and has scattered the pieces.

Devil: "[Alien text]! I was about to win!"

Tiefling: "Grandad... I told you I don't like this kind of takeout..."