1. Hey, a colour episode! That's unusual. The gang are inside Dojo; Singing Cricket's training equipment, including weapons and Wing Chun-style dummies, are visible in the background.

Tamilda is wearing her magical garment, in the form of a tuxedo jacket and skirt (not visible). Singing Cricket is wearing dark formal robes. Kayra, currently in disguise as Tamilda's sister, is a short-haired human woman with big green eyes and a lot of freckles, wearing an admittedly pretty revealing long slit-leg dress. Charlie, Singing Cricket's huge pet owlbear, is tugging at Singing Cricket's sleeve, preventing him from walking out the door.

Singing Cricket: "Aw, Charlie wants to come to the wedding. Sorry, buddy... an owlbear would frightent he other guests."

Kayra, clasping her hands: "Ooh! We could do something about that!"


2. Kayra excitedly pleads with Granny Dismal, who is looking like a handsome older woman in a modest, old-fashioned, dark purple dress. Behind her, Nanny Muk - looking like a portly, curly-haired woman - starts walking off-panel.

Kayra: "Can we, Granny? Please? I've never done one before!"

Granny Dismal: "Well, it IS a special occasion..."

Nanny Muk: "I'll fetch the entrails."


3. The three hags form a circle around a nervous Charlie, who lies down in the centre of a pentagram, covering his head. The ladies wave their hands in mystic fashion, chanting in the Infernal tongue. 

OK, it's English using a Klingon font. If you're reading this, you get the translation.

Coven: "Raven's brain and baby's blood"


4. Charlie looks uncomfortable, raising a paw that is starting to change shape. He groans as the ladies' chant continues.

Coven: "Turn this pet..."

Charlie: "RRRRRAAARGH"

5. Charlie continues to change, now looking more like a human than an owlbear. He's still mid-transformation, though, so his face looks really weird. He continues to groan.

Coven: "Into a stud!"

Charlie: "OOOOHSHI--" 

He was definitely about to swear. Yes, this is a direct reference to Greebo's transformations in Witches Abroad and Maskerade.

6. A burly, hairy, nude man - Charlie in human form - stands at the centre of the pentagram, looking very confused. He has orange hair, the same colour as his owlbear feathers/fur. His eyes are the same yellow as they've always been. Around him, the ladies react: Kayra in celebration, Nanny Muk in awe. Singing Cricket looks concerned.

Kayra: "We did it!"

Nanny Muk: "Maybe even OVER-did it. (Not that I'm complaining.)" She's looking at his crotch, which is conveniently covered by Granny Dismal's speech balloon.

Granny Dismal: "He'll certainly make an impression."

Singing Cricket: "I don't think Charlie's any less likely to frighten people looking like this..."


7. Nanny Muk leans against human-Charlie seductively, lips pursed, raising a leg and stroking his pecs with her finger. Charlie is understandably nervous.

Nanny Muk: "If you're worried about that, dearie, I can stay behind with him."

Granny Dismal: "Absolutely not, Nanny Muk. Now someone find Charlie some pants."