1. Changeling Kayra (in her human disguise) sits on the steps outside of a dining room, holding the hands of her fiancé, Jonathan, a curly-haired young man with dark skin and a thin moustache. In the background their families are gathered around the table, chatting. Kayra's father holds up a champagne glass and a spoon as the others look on in amusement. Her mother rolls her eyes. The changeling and Jonathan only have eyes for each other.

Jonathan: "I know you don't enjoy this sort of thing... but I'm glad you're here."

Changeling, smiling: "So am I. I'm having fun! (Not as much fun as my dad, though...) But it's nice to have some alone time, too..."


2. Jonathan leans in for a kiss, but the changeling, looking away, holds up a hand and stops him.

Changeling: "Wait... there's something I need to confess. I've been... hiding something. Something big."


3. The changeling braces herself, still not meeting his eyes.

Changeling: "You aren't going to like me after hearing this, but... This isn't REALLY what I look like. It's an iLLUSION. And I'll totally understand if--"

Jonathan, interrupting: "Darling, it's all right."


4. Jonathan sheepishly grins, gesturing at himself. 

Jonathan: "You're not alone. I should have told you sooner, but... I've been magically altering MY appearance for YEARS."

The changeling clasps her hands and widens her eyes in excitement. "Really??" she cries. She imagines herself in her true form, holding hands with a male-coded construct of twigs, leaves, and mud that looks like her.


5. Jonathan snaps his fingers, and sparkles appear, revealing his true face: the same face as before, but with pimples. Kayra looks downcast.

Jonathan: "My aunt taught me a cantrip to hide it, but... ever since I was a boy... I've had TERRIBLE acne. So I'd ben an AWFUL hypocrite if I judged you!"

Changeling: "Oh."


6. Jonathan smiles obliviously as he holds the changeling's hand and cuddles her. She leans into his embrace, but looks away, her face contradicting her words.

Changeling: "You're right... It's not such a big deal."