1. Tamilda and Singing Cricket eat dinner together while Kayra is sewing up the hole that was stabbed through her nightgown. Alond serves drinks.

Tamilda: This isn't bad. What is it?"

Kayra: "Oh, no one you know. (Needle, sew!)"


2. Tamilda looks at Singing Cricket with some concern. The needle magically starts sewing the nightgown on its own.

Tamilda: "She's joking, right?"

Alond: "It's best not to ask."

Singing Cricket: "Try the mushrooms!"


3. Tamilda crosses her arms and looks at Singing Cricket with angry skepticism. Kayra looks at him with love, hearts floating above her head. The needle continues to sew.

Tamilda: "So. 'Husband'?"

Singing Cricket, smiling with a bit of embarrassment: "Well, it's not official."


4. Tamilda slams her hand on the table and points at Singing Cricket accusingly. As the people are distracted, the needle sews well beyond the tear and starts sewing the gown into a ball.

Tamilda: "Have you forgotten that she KILLED Baeric - your FRIEND - and stole his SOUL?"

Singing Cricket: "That's not EXACTLY how it went --"

Kayra: "I needed it for a ritual!"

Singing Cricket: "You're not helping."


5. Tamilda stares at the soul bag around Kayra's neck. The needle starts sewing the nightgown onto Singing Cricket's sleeve.

Singing Cricket: "Remember how Baeric was possessed by Elias, the necromancer? Baeric asked Kayra for help."

Kayra: "I needed a soul to complete my transformation, and he had a spare! ..But the wrong soul came out."


6. Tamilda points at Singing Cricket's sleeve, and he and Kayra look at it with concern.

Tamilda: "Is that supposed to happen?"

Kayra: "Oh, no! Needle, stop!"


7. Tamilda snatches the bag from around Kayra's neck. The string snaps.


8. Tamilda starts opening the bag. Kayra tries to stop her: "No, wait!"


9. Singing Cricket and Tamilda look at the bag in wide-eyed shock. Kayra just looks sad. Voices emerge from the bag.

Voice 1: "Hey, who turned the light on?"

Voice 2 (in cursive writing): "*Giggle* Come back in five minutes."

Voice 1: "Ten."