1. Singing Cricket (still wearing his moustache disguise) ushers the Changeling, Kayra, and Tamilda into Dojo, who is currently sitting on the ground like a regular house. A poster is tacked to Dojo with a menacing image of mustachioed Singing Cricket, reading: "WANTED: I. Cognito"

Singing Cricket: "Quick -- in here, before your mother comes back!"

Changeling, poking her head into the house: "Whoa. It's bigger--"

Singing Cricket: "On the inside, I know. Hurry up!"


2. Inside Dojo. Singing Cricket has set it up as a martial arts studio, complete with weapons rack, training dummies, and inspirational scrolls on the wall. The girls sit at a low table as the imp passes out tea. In the background, the dwarf helps up an unconscious Bill while Singing Cricket puts his moustache away, implying that Bill attacked him when he entered, thinking he was a stranger.

CAPTION: "After lots of exposition..."

CAPTION: "What? I'm not re-drawing all that."

CAPTION: "See #s 102-104 for details."

Changeling: "I never DID feel like I fit in... but I had NO IDEA I was living SOMEON ELSE'S LIFE."


3. The changeling looks at Kayra, who smiles back compassionately. Tamilda watches the imp set a tea cup at an empty spot on the table.

Changeling: "You... can have it back... if you want."

Kayra: "Don't be silly! I wasn't using it."

Changeling: "But... your parents..."


4. Kayra hugs the changeling.

Kayra: "Nanny Muk and Granny Dismal raised me. THEY'RE my parents. Just like YOUR PARENTS raised you. I'm glad my old family went to someone who NEEDED one."

Changeling: "Oh! ...Thank you."


5. Kayra and Changeling continue their conversation. Tamilda reacts in surprise as Granny Dismal fades into existence at the empty space at the table.

Changeling: "But LOOK at me -- I'm a THING. I was made to FOOL people. A soulless OBJECT with no business being ALIVE."

Granny Dismal, fading into this plane: "An object? Perhaps. But SOULLESS?"


6. Granny dismal takes a sip of her tea. Kayra grins at the surprised Changeling.

Granny Dismal: "Dear child, I put your soul IN there MYSELF."