1. The changeling, a button-eyed doll made of mud and sticks that had replaced Kayra when she was a toddler, gets out of bed. She is in a cozy bedroom with a mirrored dresser in it. Kayra's mother calls from outside the door.

Mother (from outside): "Kayra, get up! We're going to be late!"

Changeling: "Yes, mother. I'm up."


2. The changeling stands in front of its wardrobe, holding a fancy dress with a very big, open neckline. It looks at the dress with perplexity. Its conversation with its mother through the door continues. At least she values its privacy.

Mother: "Wear the dress I set out for you! The one that shows off your FIGURE."

Changeling: "Mother!"


3. The changeling wears the dress. It hangs very loosely over its stick arms, its bundle of sticks torso almost completely exposed. It looks down at itself.

Changeling: "You do't think it's a little... revealing?"

Mother: "You want to make an IMPRESSION, don't you?"


4. The changeling stands at its dresser, in front of the mirror. On shelves are various cosmetic items, including a couple of jars; a cup holding a comb, a paintbrush, some kind of hook, and a small saw; and a frog. The changeling holds up a small bottle with an atomizer squeeze ball on it. There is very little liquid left in the bottle. She looks at it wistfully.

Mother: "And PLEASE comb your hair for once." The changeling's hair is made of twigs and leaves.

Changeling, talking to itself while considering the bottle: "Hm. Almost out."


5. The changeling sprays itself with the bottle. A cloud of mist surrounds its head.

Mother: "Are you ready, Kayra dear?"

Changeling: "Just putting my face on." [Idiom note: this typically means "applying makeup"]

Mother: "Good, but don't overdo it! You aren't going on STAGE."

Changeling: "I know..."


6. The atomized mist fades away in a cloud of sparkles. The changeling has transformed, into a very attractive girl, who fills out the low-cut dress quite nicely. She looks nervously in the mirror.

Changeling: "Sigh... I'm getting MARRIED."