1. Changeling Kayra (still in the guise of a busty woman in a fancy dress) and her mother are shopping in the market. Mother is buying plants from a strange-looking man with a cauldron on his head. An explosion erupts down the road with a tremendous BOOM. Mother is surprised, but the changeling looks pleased.

Changeling: "Oh! That must be my friend! I'll meet you later, mother."


2. Changeling Kayra tentatively approaches the potion stall, which is being staffed by real-Kayra (currently in disguise as a tiefling) and Tamilda.

Changeling: "Hi! Um... Kayra? Is that you?"

Kayra: "Kayra! My favourite customer!"


3. Kayra rushes out to meet the changeling. They seem quite familiar, and happy to see each other. Tamilda, in the background at the potion stall, looks puzzled.

Changeling: "Every time I see you, you're a different person!"

Kayra: "Same person, different face. I guess YOU can relate."

Tamilda, to herself: "'Kayra'?"

Kayra: "Do you want a refill? Or maybe try a new look?"


4. The angle shifts to Tamilda's perspective. The two Kayras continue their conversation, while she looks at a potion bottle.

Changeling, brushing her hair away shyly: "Just the usual face, thanks."

Kayra: "Suit yourself! But if you ever want a change, I'e got elf, orc, dwarf, gnoll..."

In the foreground, Tamilda looks at the potion's tag: "True Sight".

Tamilda: "Hmm..."


5. Tamilda quaffs the potion. Off-panel, the two Kayra's continue their conversation.

Changeling: "How's your granny? She hasn't been around lately."

Kayra: "Granny has... other businesses. These days she leaves the potions to me. How's your mum?"


6. Tamilda's eyes change character as the potion takes effect. She stares, wide-eyed, at what she sees.

Changeling: "Oh, she's keeping busy, making plans... Actually, I was hoping to TALK to you about that..."

Tamilda: "What the--"


7. Shift back to Tamilda's point of view. She is looking at the two Kayras in their true forms: her friend, the young night hag's familiar dark eyes and sharp teeth; and the stranger, a construct made of mud, sticks, twigs, and leaves, her pretty dress hanging loosely off her stick-arms.

Tamilda: "Uh, Kayra..."

Both Kayras: "Yes?"