1. Tamilda stands outside Nanny Muk's house, eager to get moving. She is wearing a backpack, adn watching Alond stuff way too many things into a very large wooden trunk. Behind her, unseen, the dragon bounds excitedly toward her from the house's open door.

Off to the side, the ants and beetles are loading a cart with sugar cubes. A mouse is hitched to the cart, ready to draw it.

Tamilda: "Everything ready to go?"

Alond, frustrated: "Ugh. Women are always over-packing. How does she expect to CARRY all this junk?"

Tamilda: "I think that's YOUR job."


2. The dragon surprises Tamilda by sticking his head under her arm and hugging her with one of his paws. Nanny Muk emerges from the house behind him.

Tamilda: "Dragon? What are you doing here? I thought I left you at home."

Nanny Muk: "He likes to come round and help out his dear old Nanny. Such a SWEET boy."


3. Tamilda scratches the dragon's head and gives Nanny a skeptical look. "Oooo-kaaaay..."


4. Alond tries to close the trunk's lid. It is not easy. 

Tamilda: "Well, it's a long walk. We'd better--"

The dragon looks off-panel excitedly. 

Off-panel text: "We can help with that!"


5. Bill and the dwarf are riding on the roof of a somewhat more mature Dojo - Singing Cricket's walking chicken-legged house and the offspring of Granny Dismal's home - now looking bigger and stronger and less dilapidated.

Dwarf: "Young dojo's been itchin' tae give his big, long legs a good run... and there's plenty of room inside fer everyone!"


6. An angry Alond shoves Tamilda out of the way to open Dojo's door.

Alond: "Finally, some good news! I almost thought you were going to make me--"


7. He opens the door, to find an enormous, angry looking owlbear - Charlie - inside.

Alond, terrified: "Waugh!"


8. In the background, Tamilda climbs into the house. Singing Cricket, wearing his false moustache, comes out to join them, and Kayra follows, lovestruck. The insects' cart takes off.

In the foreground, Alond sweats, picking up the huge chest. "On second thought -- URGH! ...I'd rather walk."