1. Granny Dismal speaking with Changeling Kayra. The Changeling holds a skull-handled dagger at arm's length, as if it's a dangerous thing she wants to keep away from her. Which it is.

Changeling: "No... I couldn't KILL someone and take over their body... Could I?"

Granny Dismal: "Of course you could. Humans are very fragile."


2. Granny Dismal puts the dagger back into her bag. Changeling Kayra folds her hands and looks upward.

Granny Dismal: "Is becoming a human REALLY what you want?"

Changeling: "Not EXACTLY. I'm just... so tired of hiding who I really AM. And with the WEDDING coming up..."


3. Real-Kayra bursts onto the scene, with a couple of throwing knives embedded in her shoulder and thigh, and grabs the Chagneling's face, staring at her intensely. Granny steps back. Tamilda approaches from the other side, looking sheepish. In the background, Singing Cricket's dojo interior is visible.

Kayra: "You're getting married?! You didn't tell me!"

Changeling: "I was trying to, until... You know." (Referring to the incident that brought them together, when Tamilda smashed a bottle of Dispel potion and exposed the Changeling's true form.)

Tamilda: "Sorry about that."


4. Tamilda and Kayra remove the knives from their bodies while the Changeling looks down introspectively.

Changeling: "But... I can't marry Jonathan."

Kayra, angrily, holding up a knife: "Why not? Is he FORCING you? He SNORES? He already has another wife?? We can take CARE of that."


5. An imagined scene, of the Changeling in her true form, lying on a bed in a seductive pose, wearing lingerie. She has a flower in her stick-hair. She is aiming her flirty gaze at a shirtless man, who is backing away in horror.

Changeling, in captions: "No! I WANT to marry him... but can you imagine our wedding night? What will he do if he comes to bed... and sees... THIS?"

Kayra, in captions: "Hmm... Don't worry, I can help!"


6. Kayra leans down and grips the Changeling by her shoulders, holding up one of the knives. She grins slyly. The Changeling looks nervous.

Kayra: "All we need to do is build ANOTHER mud doll.. and put your Johnny's soul into IT!"

Changeling "...Let's call that 'plan B'."