1. Changeling-Kayra, now fully exposed in her true form of sticks and mud, turns away and covers her button-eyed face in shame. Real-Kayra, her illusion also dispelled, recoils slightly. They are surounded by a cloud of vapour from the Dispel potion.

Kayra: "Kayra? ... What ARE you?"

Changeling: "I don't know!"


2. Tamilda, hands on hips, glares at them. Real-Kayra puts a hand on the changeling's shoulder-area to comfort her.

Tamidla: "She's a changeling!"

Changeling: "Please... I'm trying so hard to be normal."

Kayra: "It's all right, sweetie. None of us can help how we're made."


3. Tamilda inserts herself between the two Kayras and points angrily at her friend. The Changeling is taken aback.

Tamilda: "She WAS made! To REPLACE YOU!"

Kayra: "Replace... me? Is that true?"

Changeling: "No! ...Maybe? I've always been... like this. ...I think. I'm just trying to live my life. Not even my PARENTS know."


4. They all hear a voice from off-panel - the mother (Karya's? The changeling's? Both?) calling for her daughter. The three women look perplexed.

Mother (off-panel): "Kayra, dear? Where are you?"

Changeling: "Oh, no -- mother!"

Tamilda: "Kayra! That's YOUR mother!"

Kayra: "My...?"

Singing Cricket, a determined look on his face, pulls his false moustache from his robe. "Leave it to me."


5. Kayra's mother approaches a grumpy-looking Tamilda.

Mother: "Pardon me, boy... have you seen my daughter? Beautiful, lovely smile, impeccably dress--"

She turns and looks in wide-eyed surprise (or horror?) at the scene going on behind her. "What in the nine hells?!"


6. A crowd has gathered to watch Singing Cricket, wearing his false moustache, pretending to puppeteer the Changeling, who is in a ballerina position. The crowd is full of characters that you might recognize from other comics.

Singing Cricket: "Now WATCH as she dances -- WITHOUT STRINGS!"


7. Kayra's mother smiles as she drops a coin into Singing Cricket's hand. She speaks right in front of the Changeling.

Mother: "Young man, you are SUCH a talent! That BEAUTIFUL dancing... Here, it isn't much... But I ohpe it will help you buy a less HIDEOUS puppet."

The changeling slumps sadly.