1. Changeling Kayra, dessed for her wedding with flowers in her hair, places flowers in a vase. Next to her is Sassy, a large, muscular half-orc woman, doing the same task. Behind them, the changeling's mother directs a man in a flannel shirt standing on a chair in hanging up a banner.

Sassy: "I can hardly believe it, Kayra... In a few hours, you and Johnny will finally be married!"

Changeling, nervously: "Heh... yeah, it's really happening, isn't it?"


2. Sassy rests her elbows on the table and looks introspectively at a flower. Changeling-Kayra puts a comforting hand on her shoulder. Behind them, the man falls of his chair while Mother looks on at him, disappointed.

Sassy: "Sigh... d'you think I'LL ever find someone?"

Changeling:" YOU, Sassy? Just take your pick! I've seen the way audiences look at you onstage. They LOVE you."

Sassy: "Sure, from a distance..."


3. Sassy flexes her large muscles, but without enthusiasm. In the background, Mother looks down at the confused fallen man, crossed arms, disappointment on her face.

Sassy: "They look, but everyone's AFRAID to approach. These guns are a double-edged sword."

Changeling: "So you seem a little intimidating. inside you're so gentle and sweet!"

Sassy: "Not that anyone's got close enough to LOOK inside. You're so lucky you've found someone who really SEES you, Kayra."


4. Changeling-Kayra whispers conspiratorially to Sassy, not noticing her mother coming up behind her. Sassy does notice, and grimaces.

Changeling: "Right... speaking of which -- I REALLY need to talk with Jonathan alone, before this whole thing starts. Could you distract my mother while I --"

Mother: "Sorry, kayra dear..."


5. Changeling-Kayra protests, but mother dismisses her with a smile and a wave.

Changeling: "But mother, it really is urgent--"

Mother: "If it were THAT important, you'd have told him already! Anything you have to say can wait till after the ceremony."

Mother, adding: "Especially if it's something that might change his mind about the marriage!"


6. Mother winks at Sassy, who Salutes nervously.

Mother: "Now, Sassy -- your guests will arrive soon. Make sure our Kayra keeps out of sight till her big moment?"

Sassy: "Yes, sir! I mean Ma'am!"


7. Changeling Kayra puts her hands on her hips and glares at her friend, who looks away in embarrassment.

Changeling: "Sassy! I saw you take down two demons single-handedly when we had that accident at the theatre last year. Why can't you stand up to my MOTHER?"

Sassy, small text: "She scares me."