1. Real-Kayra, still disguised as a tiefling, introduces Changeling-Kayra to Tamilda. Tamilda is still under the effects of the True Sight potion, and can see through the disguise. She cautiously shakes the changeling's hand.

In the background, Singing Cricket quietly tucks his false moustache into his robe while Belavor sticks a WANTED poster to the wall. He passes a small alligator child, Gustopher, who has wandered in from another comic.

Kayra: "Oh! Sorry, I didn't introduce you. Tamilda, this is one of my regulars. She's ALSO called Kayra!"

Changeling: "Pleased to meet you!"

Tamilda: "Hi, uh... Kayra. Is that a very common name?"

Changeling: "Your friend is the only other one I'VE met."

Tamilda, holding the changeling's hand, thinks of a stick.


2. Kayra pushes Singing Cricket forward. He goes for a handshake. Tamilda makes space for Gustopher to wander past.

Kayra: "And THIS handsome hunk of man is my HUSBAND! Husband, this is Kayra!"

Singing Cricket: "Oh? Hi! ...Have we met before?"

Changeling: "I don't think so..."


3. Tamilda angrily drags Singing Cricket away, leaving the two Kayras to chat. Singing Cricket looks back toward them.

Singing Cricket: "There's something ODD about that woman..."

Tamilda: "You're dang right there is!"

The conversation continues off-panel.

Changeling: "Oh, wow! You got married??"

Kayra: "Well... I'm working on it. How about you?"


4. Singing Cricket continues his thoughts from the previous panel: "I mean... she looks just like Kayra did before she... changed."

Tamilda gasps, thinking of what Nanny Muk had told her about hags stealing children... "When we take a child, we REPLACE her."

Tamilda: "(gasp) I KNEW IT!"


5. Tamilda reaches into a crate of different potions (Fire REsistance, Gender Fluid, Bone Hurting Juice) and picks up a vial called "Dispel".

Tamilda: "Hmm..."


6. The two Kayras continue their conversation. Behind them, Tamilda leaps over the counter, a determined look on her face.

Changeling, looking away shyly: "That's actually what I wanted to ask you about..."

Tamilda: "Kayra! She isn't what you think she is!"


7. As Kayra looks at her in shocked puzzlement, Tamilda smashes the potion on the ground, releasing a cloud of smoke that dispels illusions. The part of Kayra within the cloud reveals her true night hag form, while the part outside still looks like a tiefling. The changeling, however, is fully immersed in the cloud, and her button-eyed sticks-and-mud construction is fully revealed.

Tamilda: "She's an imposter!"

Kayra: "Tamilda? What are you--"

Changeling: "Oh, no... DON'T LOOK AT ME!"