1. Kayra, Tamilda, and Granny Dismal are getting ready for the changeling's wedding. Kayra sits at her mirror-table, which she brought with her. The mirror creature glares at her. Tamilda's magical outfit is currently in the form of a party dress, but she's looking down at it thoughtfully. Granny Dismal is wearing a dress with poofy shoulders, and looks like a handsome elderly human woman with hair done up in a bun - not that much different from her normal night hag appearance, really.

Kayra: "Wow, Granny Dismal. I've never seen you looking so... HUMAN."

Granny Dismal: "Well, we don't want to frighten the other wedding guests. [in smaller text] At least, not right away."

Kayra: "Ooh! Let's all go as a human family!"


2. Kayra snaps her fingers, and now she looks like a more adult version of Tamilda - same swoopy bangs hairstyle, but shorter; freckles; almond eyes; and a slit-leg dress that exposes a lot of cleavage. The mirror creature in the background leans forward to get a better look. It's blushing. Tamilda, now dressed in a striped suit jacket that looks like Wednesday Addams's school uniform, smiles up at Granny, who has her hand on Tamilda's shoulder.

Kayra: "Tamilda, you can tell people we're sisters!"

Granny Dismal: "I would not object if you called me your granny."

Nanny Muk, from off-panel: "Then as for me..."


3. Nanny Muk has taken on the appearance of a very attractive anime-looking lady with her hair done up high, wearing glasses and a sweater that leaves pretty much nothing to the imagination. (She looks like Seiko, the grandmother from the manga/anime Dandadan.)

Nanny Muk: "You can call me 'Nana'."

Granny Dismal (off-panel): "Absolutely not."

Kayra (off-panel): "Nanny, no."


4. Granny puts her hands on her hips and glares at Nanny Muk, while Tamilda averts her eyes in dismay. Her outfit has changed into a checked flannel shirt. Nanny gestures at her too-hot body in protest.

Granny Dismal: "Nanny Muk, nobody is going to believe you're ANYONE'S grandmother looking like THAT." [This is a direct reference to the character whose appearance Nanny has taken on.]

Nanny Muk: "But think of all the single young men--"

Granny Dismal: "I will not have you drawing attention to yourself! [in smaller text] Some of the guests might be copyright lawyers!"

Tamilda (to herself): "This is so wrong... Nanny Muk is not ALLOWED to be hot!"


5. Nanny Muk begrudgingly transforms into a more appropriate granny look, with short permed hair. She has kept the big breasts, though. Kayra looks out the window - they're passing stone walls and a tavern sign. Tamilda has taken on a tuxedo/skirt combination, which seems to please her.

Nanny Muk, cradling her breasts: "Fine, but I'm keeping these."

Kayra: "We're nearly there! And everyone looks like a normal human. We'll blend right in! Although..."


6. The camera shifts outside, where we see Dojo, the walking house, walking brazenly through the city gates. One of the gate guards looks at the little house in puzzlement. The other guard is asleep. Townsfolk stare at this strange phenomenon. 

Kayra's speech continues from inside the house: "...I can't help feeling like we've forgotten something."