1. Sassy, the muscular half-orc maid of honour, guards the door to changeling-Kayra's dressing room. She brandishes a battleaxe and lowers her eyes, looming imposingly over the changeling's fiancé, Jonathan, who is trying to get in.

Jonathan: "Sassy, please - I must speak with Kayra."

Sassy: "NONE SHALL PASS!"


2. Sassy's axe sails through the air at neck height - luckily, Singing Cricket tackles Jonathan out of the way just in time. Despite the danger, he still has a nonchalant smile on his face.

Jonathan: "Oof!"

Singing Cricket: "Careful, Johnny... you'll need your head ATTACHED if you want to kiss your bride later."


3. Singing Cricket and Jonathan take shelter around the corner against a wall. In the background, Sassy holds her axe, ready to threaten anyone who comes near.

Jonathan: "If I could just get Sassy to listen..."

Singing Cricket: "You can't."


4. Singing Cricket and Jonathan watch Sassy take a swing at a small halfling man, with owl-like features, an odd horn-shaped tonsure, and a feathered cloak. (This is another patron character.) The little man runs away.

Singing Cricket: "I've seen this before... it's a berserker rage. She's a tempest of raw fury and emotion. The best you can do is wait it out. ...Or distract her with a better target."

Jonathan: "I recognize you... from the statue in the square. You're one of th eheroes of the realm! Can't you stop her?"


5. Charlie (still in human form) enters, with a look of grim determination on his face, and strides toward Sassy. Singing Cricket, worried, tries to stop him.

Charlie: "I will help."

Singing Cricket: "No, Charlie! It's too dangerous!"

Charlie: "I can do it."


6. Charlie approaches Sassy, who whirls her head toward him. She narrows her bloodshot eyes and bares her teeth when she recognizes him.

Charlie: "Uh, miss Sassy? May I--"

Sassy: "YOU!"


7. Sassy leaps at Charlie, jaws agape, exposing her sharp tusks. She looks like she's ready to kill.

Sassy: "RRAAAGH"


8. Sassy clings to Charlie, her legs wrapped around his waist, and kisses him intensely. Charlie flails, unsure how to handle this kind of attack. With the bridesmaid suitably distracted, Singing Cricket ushers Jonathan into Kayra's dressing room.

Singing Cricket: "Sigh... All right, go! Go!"