This one is also in colour, like the last one. You should not expect this to continue forever, though.

1. Singing Cricket walks into Nanny Muk's house with a complaint, only to be stopped when he sees her pouring tea for a guest sitting in Kayra's monster-chair: Nanny from the comic "Table Top" by Che Crawford. Drawings of Nanny here are all drawn by Che; the rest of the comic is drawn by Brandon as usual. On a table in front of everyone is an assortment of potion bottles. The house bugs are rolling and carrying more bottles toward the table.

Singing Cricket: "Nanny Muk, that incubus you summoned is -- Oh! Sorry, I didn't realize you had guests.

Nanny Muk: "'Nanny' is just here to buy potions."

2. Nanny leers at Singing Cricket and winks. He cringes.

Nanny: "That's right! Ol' Muk has been supplying me for decades. She's my best hook-up! In more ways than one."

3. Singing Cricket sits down in his slime chair to join them. The bugs bring him a glass of beer. 

Singing Cricket: "So, um... how did you two meet?"

Nanny Muk: "Oh, the usual way... she tried to kill me."

4. Singing Cricket reaches down for his beer as Nanny gives some backstory. Nanny Muk, having finished pouring tea for her guests, unhinges her jaw and drops the teapot into her mouth.

Nanny: "It was a quest! But she was very gracious about it. Only turned HALF my party into chickens. AND she served the rest of us a FINGER-LICKIN' GOOD meal afterwards!"

5. Nanny leaves the house with an armful of potions. She smiles back to Nanny Muk and Singing Cricket, who are waving goodbye.

Nanny: "Thanks, dearie! You brew the best potions... I can't even COUNT how many scrapes they got me out of! .. Nice to see you again, Cricket Come round for another one-shot soon!"

Singing Cricket: "'Again'??"

6. Singing Cricket turns to Nanny Muk, who looks annoyed. A bird on her head pulls a centipede out of her hair.

Singing Cricket: "What did you sell her?"

Nanny Muk: "Nightshade, fungus from my toenails, and Charlie's bath water. I don't understand HOW she's still alive."