1. The gates of Hell in the foreground, the lake of fire and an imposing castle behind. Tamilda's "Women I Know" note shows the remains of Baetzzi's entry with the circled "To do: look up 'lich'". with "WTF?!" and an arrow pointing to the word.

A crossed out entry for #4: "Lady Malicia - Next door, cool old lady vibes. Said to come back when I'm 18 :("

The latest, number 5, is still open: "Verity - Badass devil lady. - Lives in Hell (pro or con?)

Word balloons come from the castle tower:

TAMILDA: "So this is Hell! It's nicer than I expected."

VERITY: "I'm so glad we could do this!"


2. Verity, a tiefling woman with curved horns, is wearing an off-the-shoulder dress with a slit up the leg. Tamilda is wearing a light sleeveless dress. The two of them are drinking tea out of severed goblin heads, the little goblin bodies sitting on the table in front of them. The table has a nice tiered plate of pastries and snacks, with a little humanoid main impaled on a spike through the centre, serving snacks to the ladies. 

In the background, baby Regis's mother sits in a chair, feeding him from a bottle. A window shows the Lake of Fire, with a devil waterskiing behind a rowboat.

TAMILDA: "So what's it like, being Hell royalty? Is it dangerous? GLAMOUROUS?"

Verity, looking tired: "These days? TIRING. Devil nursemaids are great, but they get SO MANY days off. (infernal unions...)"


3. Tamilda: "What about his mother?"

 Baby Regis's mother hands him to Verity. She turns to Tamilda, revealing that the skin on half her body has been removed. "It's time for my torture session."

Verity, reaching for Regis and looking stressed: "She's only here for an hour a day." Her teacup-head has been reattached to the goblin.


4. Verity stands up and hands the baby over to a puzzled Tamilda. She smiles. "Which is why I'm so grateful you came by. I've REALLY been looking forward to this date."

Tamilda, reluctantly reaching for the still-drinking baby: "What?"


5. Verity waves as she exits the room. With a wink, she explains: "A succubus AND an incubus. I'll be home late... Don't wait up."


6. Tamilda is left alone with the baby. Off-panel, Verity adds: "Don't worry, he's very easy!" And slams the door.

Tamilda frowns as she looks down at the baby.

Regis looks at his empty bottle. His stomach gurgles.


7. His eyes bugging out, with a loud "URRRPG" Regis belches fire at Tamilda's face.

Tamilda's "Women I Know" note appears at the bottom. Verity's name, along with "badass devil lady", is crossed out. In the line "Lives in hell (pro or con?)", "con" is circled. A little skull is drawn next to the text.