1. Granny Dismal inspects a glowering Tamilda, still held by the chair/hand, while a concerned-looking Kayra talks to Singing Cricket. "This child knows you, husband. Why do you want us to kill her?" He replies, "She's a dangerous psychopath! (Look at her!)"


2. Flashback to inside a ruined house. Zombies are attacking a group of small children. Singing Cricket and his adventuring party are defending them. A male zombie looms over a toddler clutching a stuffed owlbear. The toddler reaches up to him, recognizing her daddy. Tamilda is on the zombie's back, plunging a shortsword through his neck. Singing Cricket and Tamilda speak in captions.

Singing Cricket: "On the day I met her, she stabbed her own parents!"

Tamilda: "They were zombies!"

Singing Cricket: "Oh, right. I MAY have been partially responsible for that."


3. A teenage boy clutching a sword cries in pain and fear as he is carried off into the air by a wyvern. The party, including Tamilda, are standing in the snowy forest below. Tamilda has just shot an arrow at the wyvern, but missed and hit the boy in the butt.

Singing Cricket: "A few days later, she shot another kid! Right in the butt!"

Tamilda: "I was AIMING for the wyvern.  ...But he totally deserved it."

Singing Cricket: "See?"


4/5. Back in the present, Singing Cricket explains while Granny inspects an enraged Tamilda. "AND she found her way here, and survived, ALONE, driven by a MURDEROUS OBSESSION! She's smart, violent, and RELENTLESS. What might she do to the NEXT person who makes her angry?  No, the world is a safer place WITHOUT her in it." Granny dismal replies, "Hmm... You may be right."


6. Granny and Kayra look at Tamilda, while she glares at Singing Cricket. He grins nervously.


7. Granny: "The poor dear must be EXHAUSTED after that long journey." The chair/hand lets go of Tamilda. "What?" she says. Singing Cricket sighs with relief.


8. Granny, off-panel, continues: "You'll need plenty of rest before you get back out there. Stay as long as you like. .. Get that child something to eat."

Tamilda and Singing Cricket bump fists with a look of terrified relief on their faces. "Thanks," she whispers.