1. Nanny Muk and Granny Dismal watch the dragon eat a piece of pie whole. The imp has his own plate.

Nanny Muk: "You were rights... she managed to hatch it."

Granny Dismal: "She's a resourceful child. Or perhaps just lucky. Either way, I win our bet."

2. Nanny Muk angrily retrieves a lumpy sack from her bosom and puts it into Granny's outstretched hand. In the foreground, the dragon eyes the imp's slice of pie. Behind them, an ant and a beetle are courting.

Nanny Muk: "Sigh... it'll take AGES to replace these teeth."

Granny Dismal: "Dragons do not, as a rule, interbreed. This blue/green cross is a rare speciment."

3. The dragon chases after the imp, squishing the ant under his feet, much to the beetle's dismay. Granny and Nanny continue their conversation off-panel.

Nanny Muk: "You won't let the girl KEEP him, will you?"

Granny Dismal: "She hatched it. That creates a powerful bond. We can't just TAKE it from her... it must come to us WILLINGLY."

Nanny Muk: "Tricky."

4. The up wraps his tail around the dragon's neck, keeping the pie out of his reach. Tghe dragon's eyes bug out, making him look very goofy. Meanwhile, the beetle fusses over the corpse of the squished ant.

Nanny Muk: "He's got such pretty colours."

Granny Dismal: "Yes, I've seen nothing like it in this world. I pity everyone who cannot experience this glorious sight."

That's you she's talking about. This is a black-and-white comic.

5. The dragon pouts as the imp walks away with his pie. Now that the camera is closer to Nanny Muk, it's easier to see that there are large tumours all over her face. IUn the background, the beetle casts some sort of magic ritual around the dead ant.

Nanny Muk: "His breath left me feeling all TINGLY! Do you think if I ask nicely he'd do it again?"

Granny Dismal, eating: "I think it did something to your FACE, Nanny."

6. Nanny Muk looks in a mirror and pats her hair, vainly. Granny crosses her arms. Behind htem, the dead (now resurrected) ant chases after the beetle.

Nanny Muk: "*GASP* I LOVE it!"

Granny Dismal: "Don't boast, or everyone will want it done."