1. Having reached the city, Singing Cricket (still wearing his false moustache) and Alond set up a potion stall on the street. Kayra reaches into her chest to bring out crates of potions. Tamilda looks on.

Tamilda: "You have a market stall??"

Kayra: "Of course! I have to earn a living, after all."


2. Kayra and Tamilda continue conversing as Kayra stacks a fourth crate onto the pile that she's holding with one hand.

Tamilda: "I didn't realize hags NEED money."

Kayra: "You can't forage EVERYTHING from the woods or unwary adventurers, sweetie.  - Granny dismal realized years ago that there are more customers in the CITY than in a haunted forest. - And they're RICHER, too. - She's a very modern thinker, you know."


3. Kayra has passed the crates to Tamilda, who needs to arms to hold them.

Tamilda: "GRANNY ran the stall?? - Didn't she... FRIGHTEN people?"

Kayra: "Oh, she's at LEAST as good at glamours as me! - Speaking of which..."

Kayra snaps her fingers. Smoke curls around her.


4. Kayra is now a black-haired tiefling woman in a short skirt and a corset. Tamilda busies herself putting potions on the stall's countertop, looking away and blushing.

Kayra: "That's better! - Anyway.. When I was old enough, Granny taught me to brew potions, and I helped out with sales."

Tamilda: "And eventually you started running the stall yourself?"


5. Kayra holds a large wooden board (the sign) and starts stepping onto a stool. In the background, Singing Cricket hangs up a mandrake.

Kayra: "Yep! I didn't change much... Some redecorating, repainted the sign -- Granny is great at spells, but not at spelling -- ...But for some reason, business really improved when I took over."

Tamilda (looking down at the sign): "Gee..."


6. Kayra mounts the sign on the stall roof. Her tail is lifting the back of her skirt, showing off a lot of leg.

It's an old sign that has been roughly painted over. It says "POTIONS", but the original text, now covered very badly, said "POISONS".

Tamilda, grinning: "I can't imagine why."