1. Singing Cricket and Kayra are sitting in their weird monster chairs. Tamilda stands between them holding the soul bag, which contains the souls of Baeric and Kipo. They are telling Tamilda the story of how Baeric came to be stuck in a soul bag, and what happened next. Calvin, Nanny's soulless but not dead "husband", carries a chair for the kid. 

Baeric, from the soul bag: "So once I was gone and Elias had control of my body, how did he get out of my bargain with the hags? Or did he just KILL himself like he wanted?"

Singing Cricket: "He tried! It didn't work, though. (Nearly burned down the house in the process.)

Kayra, giggling: "Tee-hee! You can't just DIE your way out of a deal with GRANNY!"

Tamilda: "What bargain?"


2. Tamilda sits down. Kayra and Singing Cricket are enjoying their story.

Baeric: "Granny Dismal agreed to have Kayra remove the extra soul from my body. (I REALLY shoul dhave thought harder about the wording.) In exchange, I promised Granny Dismal the dragon egg we found..."

Singing Cricket, laughing: "...But she wanted it FERTILIZED!"

Kipo: "How did you manage THAT?"


3. Tamilda sticks her tongue out in mild disgust.

Singing Cricket: "At first Elias tried to do it HIMSELF."

Baeric: "With MY body?!"

Singing Cricket: "But he was too embarrassed. I haven't seen him since."


4. Kayra explaining calmly, Tamilda seems upset or shocked.

Kayra: "Oh, he came back a few months ago! Handed over the egg and just EXPIRED."

Kipo: "You mean he actually convinced a DRAGON to--"

Tamilda: "So he's DEAD?"

Kipo, in small text: "Sigh... It's every bard's dream!"


5. Kayra pats a shocked Tamilda on the shoulder.

Kayra: "Do you want the body? I think we still have some of it left."

Alond, off-panel: "I REALLY don't think this is working."

Singing Cricket, looking off-panel toward Alond: "Looks like they're trying to HATCH it."


6. Alond is sitting on an egg, reading a newspaper. The egg is on top of a pile of small sticks, which might be construed as a nest - or as kindling. Nanny Muk stands next to him, holding a torch.

Nanny Muk: "Almost finished, dearie. And if this doesn't work, we can make a lovely quiche."