1. In the background, the bartender holds up a beer barrel for the dwarf to drink. Singing Cricket looks on, nonplussed. In the foreground, Kayra is about to devour a pig leg when she is approached by a woman with a Karen-style haircut: Amanita, the town gossip.

Amanita: "Such a pretty girl... I don't think I've seen you around the village before."

2. Kayra goes to shake the woman's hand, but she drapes it over her hand instead. In the background, the bartender accidentally drops the barrel onto the dwarf.

Kayra: "I'm Kayra: I have a cottage nearby. I'm... an herbalist!"

Amanita: "Amanita. Amanita Virosa. Charmed."

3. Amanita takes Kayra by the arm. In the background, Singing Cricket and the bartender chase after the dwarf, who is rolling away in the barrel.

Amanita: "So - an herbalist! Potions and medicines? You're in luck - so many of our neighbours need your services DESPERATELY."

Kayra: "Really?"

Amanita: "Absolutely."

4. Amanita points out a buff Gaston type talking to an attractive young woman, standing next to her elderly husband.

Amanita: "Old Mr. Carter and young Daphne haven't consummated their marriage yet - NOT for lack of TRYING. With HER reputation, he'd be wise to come to you for... assistance -- and SOON."

5. A young woman sits alone on a stool behind a lot of partygoers, who are ignoring her.

Amanita: "Oh, gods... that's Ephemera Hatrack! I'm amazed she had the gall to come here. She was always above herself - especially for an unmarried girl who ended up PREGNANT. So smug, going on about her secret rich and powerful lover... but then the baby arrived -- with a TAIL!"

Kayra: "Wait -- a TAIL??"

Amanita: "I KNOW! Of course we made her get rid of it. Can you IMAGINE what kind of creature the father must be?"

6. Amanita tries to go on, but Kayra interrupts her, clutching her face and staring into her eyes with her own black eyes.

Amanita: "And let me tell you about the smith's boy--"

Kayra (white text on black balloon): "You look thirsty. I'll get you some tea."

Amanita, her eyes turned to spirals: "Yes. Tea... sounds lovely..."