1. Kayra and Singing Cricket are dressed in aprons. Singing Cricket stands behind a kitchen counter, while the imp walks across it with a bowl of strawberries. Kayra stands in front, holding up a strawberry, addressing the camera as if she were on a cooking show.

Kayra: "Hi, everyone! It's strawberry season, and I'm going to teach you the right way to take the leafy stems off of your berries!"

Singing Cricket, puzzled: "Who are you talking to?"

Kayra: "My charming, attractive husband will demonstrate!"


2. Singing Cricket grabs a knife and starts cutting through the top of a strawberry while the imp watches.

Singing Cricket: "Um, all right... I just take a knife, and slice off the top like this --"


3. Kayra fiercely swipes at the knife, knocking it out of Singing Cricket's hands and sending it spinning over the imp's head. She looks fierce, her hair on end, forked tongue sticking out between pointy teeth. "WRONG!"


4. Kayra winks at the camear while Singing Cricket cowers. She holds out a spoon. "If you just hACK AWAY, you WASTE so much of that sweet, juicy FLESH. If you want that meat in your MOUTH and not the compost, all you need is a SPOON!"


5. Close-up on the top of a strawberry. Kayra digs a spoon just under the hull with her thumb above it.

In captions, she instructs: "Lift up the leaves, and poke your spoon in, next to the stem. I normally use my claws, but you may not have those."


6. Kayra presses her thumb against the hull, and pulls it out. "Press the hull against the spoon with your thumb... and just pop it out!"


7. Kayra holds up the hulled strawberry and winks again. Singing Cricket tries it too. The counter, being part of a mimic house, eats the fallen strawberries.

Kayra: "With practice it's as fast as cutting - and you don't waste any of that succulent flesh!"

Singing Cricket: "Huh, that's so easy! I still can't tell who you're talking to..."


8. Kayra continues, holding up a struggling gnome: "Now, let's apply the same technique to this gnome!"

Singing Cricket: "Kayra, no!"