1. Kayra leads Tamilda, Singing Cricket, and newly-human Charlie into the Mended Goat tavern for the changeling's wedding. Nanny Muk and Granny Dismal have already entered, looking for snacks. The ladies are all in human disguise. Sassy the half-orc bridesmaid greets them. In the background, Dojo, their ride, gets up and frightens the valet.

Sassy: "Welcome! Y'all here for the wedding?"

Kayra: "Yes! I'm Kayra! ...Not the bride, the other one."

Sassy: "Ah, from the market! Kayra told me about you. Looks like you brought the whole family!"

Granny Dismal: "Come, Nanny, let's find the prawn cocktails."


2. Kayra introduces Tamilda big giving her a squeeze, accidentally squishing the girl's face into her breast. Tamilda's reaction to this is complicated. Sassy looks down at Tamilda with a grin.

Kayra: "Yep! This is Tamilda."

Sassy: "Hey, kid. You look just like your sister."

Tamilda: "I don't know about that..."


3. Kayra introduces Singing Cricket, with Charlie standing behind him. Tamilda walks away dizzily, stars around her head. Sassy goes in for a handshake.

Kayra: "And this is my husband!"

Sassy: "Pleased ta meetcha. I'm Sassy. Kayra's maid of honour."

Kayra: "No touching. He's mine."


4. Sassy shoves Singing Cricket aside and offers her hand to Charlie.

Sassy: "Ain't ya gonna introduce me to this handsome fella?"

Singing Cricket: "Oh! That's Charlie, my, um, uncle--Whoops!"

Charlie: "Hm. Big lady. Strong. Good teeth. Pretty."

Sassy: "You ain't so bad yerself, Chuck."


5. Charlie lifts Sassy up over his shoulder and starts walking away. She is, naturally, a bit taken aback by this. Singing Cricket reacts with panic. 

Charlie: "Good. We mate now."

Singing Cricket: "Charlie, stop!"

Behind them, a puzzled dragonborn scratches his head as he enters (this character belongs to Rexosuit, one of my patrons on Patreon). Through the window we can see a human man in fancy clothes with a snake poking out of his jerkin - Sir Maddie, a character belonging to another of my patrons, Vancan.


6. Singing Cricket tries to educate Charlie off-panel, while we see a blushing Sassy who is reacting to this unusual experience.

Singing Cricket: "Sorry, miss! Charlie, humans have to ASK before they can mate."

Charlie: "Humans are complicated."

Sassy (small text): "... I... might have considered it..."