1. While Singing Cricket and Kayra joke together in the background, sitting on their living chairs (a slime and a frog creature with a huge open mouth, respectively), Tamilda ponders the little bag containing the souls of Baeric and Kipo. Alond approaches.

Alond: "Psst -- we should talk. We have a lot in common."

Tamilda: "Aren't you the racist former king who started a war with the goblins and nearly destroyed the ENTIRE KINGDOM?"


2. Alond looks flattered. Tamilda just looks annoyed.

Alond: "Ah, my reputation precedes me. And with your help, loyal subject, I could be BACK on the throne!"

Tamilda: "Why would I want that?"

In the background, Singing Cricket and Karya share a kiss.


3. Alond slams his hands on the table. "Look, I want to get out of here. And YOU want to kill the HAGS, right?"

Tamilda looks at the soul bag. "Actually, I'm not so sure..."

In the background, Kayra leads Singing Cricket by the hand to their bedroom. They leave their living chairs behind, the slime chair still holding Singing Cricket's beer.


4. Alond grins and slams a rolled-up parchment onto the table- a map. "That's because you're not properly EQUIPPED! You need SILVER to kill a hag."

Tamilda glares at him in annoyance. "I'm twelve! I can't afford a silver sword!"

"I can!" replies Alond with intensity. 

In the background, Kayra leans out of the doorway and makes a beckoning motion. The slime chair reacts with "!" while pointing at itself with a pseudopod.


5. Alond unrolls the map and starts marking it with a pencil. "I... SET ASIDE some funds from the royal treasury, for emergencies. I have caches ALL OVER Kingsport."

Tamilda points at a spot on the map. "That old fishing hut? They found that one WEEKS ago. ..A few others, too. King Crispin has ordered a search."


6. Alond grits his teeth. "Curse him! All right, here's another -- find it before he does!"

Tamilda: "Better mark all of them!" 

Alond: "Good idea!"


7. Alond smiles hopefully. "That's all of them, partner!"

With a sly grin, Tamilda snatches the map. "Thanks!"


8. As Tamilda zips away, only her ponytail visible in the frame, Alond holds his chin and ponders what just happened. "Waaait a minute..."

In the background, only the large-mouthed monster remains. It looks downcast.