1. Tamilda's eyes fill with tears as she responds to the soul of her mentor, Baeric, whom she just discovered in Kayra's soul bag. In the background, Kayra tries to cut her nightgown off of Singing Cricket's sleeve.

Tamilda: Baeirc?

Baeric (a disembodied voice coming from the soul bag): "Tamilda? Is that you?"

Tamilda: "I missed--"

Singing Cricket, interrupting: "Hey, buddy! I thought you were dead!"


2. Tamilda rolls her eyes and holds the bag out for Singing Cricket to talk to Baeric.

Baeric: "I am, I guess, but I'm doing OK."

Singing Cricket: "I'll say! Who's your friend in there?"

Kipo (also disembodied voice): "Hi, I'm Kipo!"


3. Tamilda's eyes fill with stars - she clearly admires Kipo.

Tamilda: "Kipo?!"

Singing Cricket: "You KNOW her?"


4. Tamilda is annoyed.

Tamilda: "Come on, do you forget EVERYONE you haven't seen for five minutes?"

Singing Cricket, blushing: "Kind of."

Baeric: "It's all right, I'd forgotten her too."


5. Flashback to when everyone was alive. The whole party - Baeric, a dwarf ranger bristling with weapons, looks happy with his arm around Kipo, a tall half-orc bard with long hair and a lute. She smiles down at him. Singing Cricket has his hands on Kipo's shoulder and on the shoulder of Belavor, a half-elf paladin in plate armour. Next to Belavor is Cirra, a gnome druid. They are walking through the streets of a town, all smiling broadly.

Baeric, in captions: "Kipo'd been with us since Kingsport, our guide and our friend. She came along to help hunt the False Hydra."


6. The exact same scene, but Kipo is missing. Baeric has Kipo's lute strung over his back, and is looking more somber. Everyone else is smiling, but not quite as broadly.

Baeric, in captions: "We found it - but it found HER first. .. And it ATE Kipo... Along with all our MEMORIES of her."


7. Cut to a bedroom in an inn. The headboard has a heart carved into it with "K+B" inside. Baeric sits on the bed, his big clumsy fingers trying to pluck out a melody on the lute he'd found -- Kipo's lute. The translucent ghost of Kipo reaches over him and guides his hands, smiling lovingly.

Kipo, in captions: "I was dead, and Baeric had forgotten me! Maybe it's my stubborn Orcish half, but I couldn't pass on -- I tried to remind him.

Baeric, in captions: "I felt like some part of me was missing -- lost, but just out of reach."


8. Baeric's soul is being sucked into the soul bag. A ghostly hand grasps his own.

Baeric, in captions: "When Kayra began the soul-stealing ritual, Elias and I fought for control. I lost. But as I was pulled away, I felt a presence close by..."

Kipo, in captions: "I couldn't let him go alone!"


9. Back to the present, Tamilda is sitting on the table. "So... You're HAPPY in there?"

Baeric: "Yeah! It's kind of nice... I lost all the memories of the woman I loved, but now I have the time to get to KNOW her again."

Kayra, clasping her hands together: "It's so romantic!"


10. Kayra exclaims, "THIS bag was only made to contain ONE soul. The closeness of their bond is inspiring!"

Kipo: "Aren't we sweet?"

Baeric: "Yeah. ..Wait.. ...ARE there bigger bags?"