1. Tamilda looks down indignantly at her clothes. Kayra approaches her cautiously. Nanny Muk enters from behind, holding a dull grey garment.

Tamilda: "There's nothing wrong with my dress!"

Kayra: "Of course not, sweetie. But isn't it boring wearing the same thing every day?"

Tamilda: "I LIKE wearing the same thing every day! I DON'T like clothes shopping."

Nanny Muk: "Now, now... I may have a solution."


2. Tamilda is dressed in a long, drab garment that looks a lot like Nanny's grey robe (but without the massively plunging neckline). She looks defeated. Kayra titters.

CAPTION: "Soon..."

Tamilda: "Thanks, Nanny, but it's not EXACTLY my style..."

Nany Muk: "Sure it is, dearie. I think you'll find this garment is ALWAYS in style."


3. Tamilda's outfit suddenly shifts into a blue dress with red shoes. She looks surprised.

Tamilda: "What the --"

Nanny (off-panel): "Whether you're visiting a wizard..."


4. Tamilda now dressed in the armour of an evil overlord, with spiked shoulders and gauntlets.

Nanny: "Going into battle..."

Tamilda: "Cool!"


5. Tamilda now wearing a sparkly red dress. She likes it.

Nanny: "...Or attending a changeling's wedding."

Tamilda: "Hey, not bad."

Nanny: "Once you've attuned to it, with a thought it will become any kind of clothing you wish."

Tamilda: "This is amazing, Nanny. Where'd it come from?"


6. Close-up on Nanny, reminiscing. You can see the bugs and worms in her hair at this distance.

Nanny: "Oh, I used to wear it whenever I brought my dear old Calvin out to play. He does love his variety. But of course we all change over the centuries. Still, it brings back memories..."

Tamilda (off-panel): "Nanny Muk, what the heck!"


7. Tamilda looking angrily at Nanny, hands on hips, now dressed in a frilly French maid outfit. Singing Cricket whispers to Kayra in the background.

Nanny: "Oh! Yes, that happens from time to time. It will stop once it's attuned to YOUR thoughts. (Probably.)

Singing Cricket (whispered): "She washed that thing first, right?"