1. Tamilda continues her conversation with Nanny Muk. Singing Cricket, sitting beside them, wrings the spilled liquor out of his gi and back into his glass. Kayra walks away from the table, presumably cleaning up used dishes.

Tamilda: "You just TOOK baby Kayra away?"

Singing Cricket: "Her parents must have been FRANTIC!"

Nanny Muk, dismissively: "Not at all!"


2. Conversation continues as Singing Cricket swigs back the liquor he'd just squeezed into his glass.

Nanny Muk: "When we take a child, we REPLACE her."

Tamilda: "REPLACE her?? With WHAT?"


3. Flashback: Granny Dismal in the woods, placing a button eye onto a doll made of mud and sticks.

Nanny Muk (captions): "For Kayra, Granny Dismal made a little mud doll, enchanted to walk and cry." (smaller) "It's easier to just glamour a sick goblin, but Granny always liked to show off."


4. In the foreground, the little mud doll, with an illusion of toddler Kayra covering it, walks off smiling, holding Kayra's mother's hand. Behind them, little toddler Kayra walks into the forest with Nanny, holding a giant lollipop.

Nanny Muk (captions): "The changeling lives in the child's place. At least until the magic runs out... That's when it DIES. The parents get closure, make a new child, and move on with their lives... Everyone wins!"


5. Tamilda, upset, gets in Nanny's face.

Tamilda: "Their 'child' dies, and they just... move on?? What if they don't?"

Nanny, dismissively: "Oh..."


6. Nanny Muk (caption): "That hardly EVER happens."

The scene shifts outdoors, to the home of Kayra's human family, as pictured in episode 102. A river runs past a cute little thatch cottage on a hill.

CAPTION: "Meanwhile, in the village..."

Kayra's human mother, from the window: "Kayra? Kayra!"


7. The mud doll, lying motionless in a bed.

Kayra's human mother, off-panel: "Kayra! You can't stay in bed forever! .. Time to get up!"


8. The mud doll, lying motionless in a bed.


9. The mud doll, lying motionless in a bed.

Mud doll: "Coming, mother."