1. Nanny and Tamilda in conversation at the table. 

Tamilda: "All right, so to make a new hag, you have to steal a baby... but how does a human girl turn into... well, YOU?"

Nanny Muk, looking nostalgic: "Good diet, exercise, and YEARS of training. .. Ah, now you've got me remembering when I was a girl..."


2. A pretty young girl embracing and kissing a muscular young man. Behind his back, she's holding a knife.

Nanny Muk (captions): "When the girl has mastered the basics, and she's old enough... She'll go out and collect the necessary materials... To make her first soul bag."


3. Three hags engaged in a bloody ritual. Nanny Muk as a young human girl kneels in the centre of a pentagram, a sacrificed and bleeding cockatrice on the floor beside her. A massive hag with a huge nose and a single horn pours a bowl of blood on her head. A young Granny Dismal stands in the background, watching.

Nanny Muk (captions): "With body and mind prepared, she performs the rites..."


4. In a dark bedroom, young human Nanny Muk in a revealing nightgown straddles a young man (Calvin). She is reaching into his chest, her soul bag on the corner of the bed. She is extracting his soul, and is already beginning to transform - her teeth sharp, here eyes big and pupil-less.

Nanny Muk (captions): "Finds a suitable vic-- er, partner... And begins her transformation... by taking her first soul."


5. Back to the present, Tamilda looks horrified. Kayra sits in Singing Cricket's lap and whispers in his ear: "Isn't it romantic? That could have been us!"

Tamilda: "What happens to the... partner?"

Nanny Muk: "Oh, you never forget your first, dearie. I bring darling Calvin EVERYWHERE with me."

Singing Cricket "Really? I haven't seen him around."


6. Nanny looks puzzled. "Oh, dear! And we're just back from a week's holiday..."


7. Inside the closet, a pile of luggage next to a broom. We see through a trunk, revealing Calvin crammed uncomfortably inside.

Nanny Muk: "I must have forgotten to unpack."