1. Singing Cricket and Tamilda walk through a busy marketplace, eating plates of sushi from the "Goblin-Style Sushi" booth behind them (where a goblin is happily chopping up a huge flail snail). Nearby is an orc barbecuing sausages, and a dejected goblin trying but failing to sell "Stoo".

Singing Cricket: "So the changeling is getting married? Does her fiancé know she's... you know... made of wood?"

Tamilda: "No. Granny Dismal made the illusion permanent or something."

Singing Cricket: "Huh."


2. The pair pause their walk outside of a fruit and vegetable stand. A trio of Cool Teens passes by them: a tall, muscular half-orc boy; a thin tiefling girl with a short skirt and a wolf cut; and a dwarf girl with a beard and ponytail. The Cool Teens are wearing some kind of school uniform. When Tamilda sees them, here eyes go wide and she drops her sushi.

Singing Cricket: "What about the wedding night?"

Tamilda: "Don't be gro-- oh."


3. Tamilda, blushing, uses her plate to cover her face, hiding from the Cool Teens. The tiefling girl's leg and skirt are in the foreground, exiting the panel. Her tail frames Singing Cricket and Tamilda, its heart-shaped tip positioned above Tamilda's head.

Singing Cricket: "What's wrong?"

Tamilda: "Nothing! Um. Where are those kids going?"

Singing Cricket, pointing with his chopsticks: "Them? I think they're from the fancy school uptown. The valtaran Academiy for Gifted Something."


4. Singing Cricket, laughing, smacks Tamilda on the back. She drops her plate, and smiles awkwardly.

Singing Cricket: "I heard they even train WIZARDS there! TOTAL nerd factory. Not OUR kind of scene, eh, buddy?"

Tamilda: "Haha, yeah. .. Sooo... It's been great hanging out, but I should head home. Check on the dragon and all... Say bye to Kayra for me?"


5. A huge, fancy fantasy school, with walls, battlements, and a horned tower with arcing electricity. Some teens are hanging out on the campus in front of it.

CAPTION: "Later (but not MUCH later)..."

Tamilda (speech balloon pointing at the central tower's window): "All right, lady..."


6. Inside the headmistress's office. The headmistress, Miss Eugenia Valtarais, reacts with shock as an angry Tamilda slams a large purse full of coins on her desk.

Tamilda: "...What's it gonna take to get me enrolled?"